Fix info regards Container Runtimes (#945)
replicatedhq/kurl.sh: src/markdown-pages/install-with-kurl/upgrading.md

## Container Runtimes

If the install script detects an upgrade of a container runtime (`Docker` or `Containerd`) is required, then the new versions provided will be installed.

> For exmaple, if you have a cluster using Containerd version `1.6.4` and then you run an installer defining that the version of Containerd should be `1.6.18` the installer will configure it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you have a cluster using Containerd version `1.6.4` and then you modify the version in your spec to `1.6.18` and re-run the kURL script, the installer will upgrade Containerd to the newly specified version.
```

> For example, if you have a cluster using Containerd version `1.6.4` and then you modify the version in your spec to `1.6.18` and re-run the kURL script, the installer will upgrade Containerd to the newly specified version.

Reviewer 2: This PR looks good to me and I approved already, but just wanted to offer one suggestion that lines 24 and 25 might not be necessary as they describe normal update behavior. (As in, it sounds like lines 24 and 25 describe the same process that happens when updating any type of add-on, not just Docker/Containerd.)

Author: I think it is good clarifies because the user might not know that container runtimes works as any addon
and it is possible to upgrade one by the other. (no harm to in describe) However, if you prefer to change please feel to make a suggestion and I will be happy to accept.

Reviewer 2: Sounds good! Totally up to you if you think it is valuable to include this information. Just wanted to check :)

> Also, be aware that `Docker is not supported with Kubernetes versions 1.24+`. Therefore, it is recommended to use `Containerd` instead. You can upgrade your installation by replacing Docker definition in the installer with Containerd. If the install script detects an upgrade of `Docker` to `Containerd`, it will install Containerd and load the images found and exported from Docker. In this case, Docker will be also removed from the host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, be aware that Docker is not supported with Kubernetes versions 1.24+. Therefore, it is recommended to use Containerd instead. You can upgrade your installation by replacing Docker in your spec with Containerd. If the install script detects a change from Docker to Containerd, it will install Containerd, load the images found in Docker, and remove Docker.
```

> Also, be aware that `Docker is not supported with Kubernetes versions 1.24+`. Therefore, it would be recommended to use `Containerd` instead. You can upgrade your installation by replacing Docker definition in the installer with Containerd. If the install script detects an upgrade of `Docker` to `Containerd`, it will install Container and load the images found and exported from Docker. In this case, Docker will be also removed from the host.

Reviewer 3: That looks great @camilamacedo86 . I would change some words though. I would change "Therefore, it would be recommended.." by "Therefore, it is recommended...". There is also an instance of `Container` when I think you meant `Containerd`.

> Also, be aware that `Docker is not supported with Kubernetes versions 1.24+`. Therefore, it would be recommended to use `Containerd` instead. You can upgrade your installation by replacing Docker definition in the installer with Containerd. If the install script detects an upgrade of `Docker` to `Containerd`, it will install Container and load the images found and exported from Docker. In this case, Docker will be also removed from the host.

Author: ```suggestion
Also, be aware that `Docker is not supported with Kubernetes versions 1.24+`. Therefore, it is recommended to use `Containerd` instead. You can upgrade your installation by replacing Docker definition in the installer with Containerd. If the install script detects an upgrade of `Docker` to `Containerd`, it will install Containerd and load the images found and exported from Docker. In this case, Docker will be also removed from the host.
```
